Question 1
Write a program, stored in a file named superpower.py, that does the following.

The program prompts the user for an arbitrary number of (positive or negative) integers, all provided on one line and separated by at least one space, with possibly extra spaces anywhere. The user can input no integer at all. If the input is incorrect, then the program outputs an error message and exits. These integers are meant to represent the superpower of a bunch of heroes (positive power is good, all the better that it is larger; negative power is bad, all the worse that it is smaller).

Then the program prompts the user for a nonnegative integer (possibly equal to 0), nb_of_swiches, at most equal to the number of integers previously input (the number of heroes). If the input is incorrect, then the program outputs another error message and exits. This number is meant to represent the number of switches (multiplication by -1) to the power of some heroes; for instance, a hero with positive power 7 can see its power switched to -7, and a hero with negative power -5 can see its power switched to 5.

First, the program determines the maximum overall power that can be achieved by switching the power of nb_of_swiches many heroes, a given hero seeing its power being switched an arbitrary number of times (not switched at all, or switched once, or switched more than once). For instance, with the sequence (4, -3, 1, 2, -7)  and nb_of_swiches set to 3, the maximum overall power that can be achieved is 15; this can be done by switching -3, 1 and -7 once: 4 + 3 - 1 + 2 + 7 = 15. For another example, with the sequence (-7, 1, 2, 3, 4) and nb_of_swiches set to 5, the maximum overall power that can be achieved is 17; this can be done by switching -7 once, 1 twice, and 3 twice: 7 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 4  = 17.

Second, the program determines the maximum overall power that can be achieved by switching the power of nb_of_swiches many heroes, a given hero seeing its power being switched at most once (not switched at all, or switched once). For instance, with the sequence (4, -3, 1, 2, -7)  and nb_of_swiches set to 3, the maximum overall power that can be achieved is 15, as previously described. For another example, with the sequence (-7, 1, 2, 3, 4) and nb_of_swiches set to 5, the maximum overall power that can be achieved is -3, as each power has to be switched: 7 - 1 - 2 - 3 - 4  = -3.

Third, the program determines the maximum overall power that can be achieved by switching the power of nb_of_swiches many consecutive heroes (note that first and last heroes are not consecutive, the heroes are aligned on a line). For instance, with the sequence (4, -3, 1, 2, -7)  and nb_of_swiches set to 3, the maximum overall power that can be achieved is 5; this can be done by switching the power of the last 3 heroes: 4 - 3 - 1 - 2 + 7 = 5. For another example, with the sequence (-7, 1, 2, 3, 4) and nb_of_swiches set to 5, the maximum overall power that can be achieved is -3, as previously described.

Fourth, the program determines the maximum overall power that can be achieved by switching the power of arbitrarily many (possibly none) consecutive heroes. For instance, with the sequence (4, -3, 1, 2, -7), the maximum overall power that can be achieved is 11; this can be done by switching the power of the last 4 heroes: 4 + 3 - 1 - 2 + 7 = 11. For another example, with the sequence (-7, 1, 2, 3, 4), the maximum overall power that can be achieved is 17; this can be done by switching the power of the first hero: 7 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 4  = 17.
